and action
hi everyone this is brent my gopro hero
3 + black edition turned up today now
before i open it i thought it would be a
good time to remind you that the gopro
hero like most cameras doesn't come with
a memory card included a class 10 micro
SD memory card up to 64 gigabyte is
required so you need to remember to get
your memory card order it at the same
time as you get your camera if you're
buying in a shop you can get one there
at the same time but if you're buying
online which will definitely be cheaper
then you need to remember to order one
so that it turns up either before or at
the same time as you camera now I've had
a lot of people say to me that they've
had their camera turned up just before
they went on holidays and then they were
forced to buy a memory card when they
got to the holiday destination at
ridiculous prices so don't forget your
micro SD memory card also GoPro
recommends only buying quality
name-brand memory cards there's a lot of
counterfeit cards out there as well as
underperforming cards if you've
experienced freeze up or video
corruption issues then that's probably
the reason why so what does GoPro
recommend okay they recommend the
sandisk extreme 32 or 64 gigabyte cards
they'll recommend Samsung 64 gigabyte
delkin devices 32 or 64 gigabyte and
that's the 1 i've got the 64 gigabyte or
lexar 32 or 64 gigabyte card gopro
actually sells the lexer cards and they
also sell a lexar USB 3 card adapter now
that allows you to transfer the files to
your computer at five to ten times
faster than USB 2 okay so don't forget
your class 10 micro SD memory card
for your GoPro Hero 3 plus camera this
is Bryn thanks for watching
you